hello hello flower and crazy today we will relive
a classic tutorial I did like 4
years only that this time is
renewed and different the video in
reality does not do it justice then in
alive and full color is much more beautiful
and incredible if you want to know how it
do not miss this tutorial and
tell me what you think is good vibes
the main materials are a mica
thick protective sheet one sheet
acetate letter size gel for hair
alcohol-free permanent markers
diamond sequins with figurines and
a hair iron or clothes to start
draw or write on the acetate what
you want me to say 'hey of your letter with
permanent markers when you go
drawing be careful of at least
a few seconds do not touch the ink so that
do not run until it dries
already with your card and it's ready we put it
inside the mica look like even like this
no gel looks cute is not another option
well in a container you will place some
4 tablespoons of gel to which you
we will add a little diamond and
if you want some shaped sequins
of heart but that they are little and well
little girls
we revolve everything very well and now yes
let's put the mixture in half
behind the acetate well
with all the gel inside we go down
clean and well top
finally to seal the mica
finally to close the mica place a
piece of tape like this
but so that it is well sealed
you will need to do it with heat for this
hug the mica with a paper and with the
iron see giving little touches
to melt the plastic and that's how
close very well you will realize that
it is well sealed because when you press the
gel does not come out and finally you can
Take the gel to the edges so that
form as a margin or leave it
scattered you decide
We finished if you liked the video dale
like or share and do not forget to tell me
what did you think and if you would like
we received some other classic tutorial
of the bye channel and do not forget about
subscribe to the channel on youtube find me
on facebook follow me on twitter and read me
on the blog